Travel Buddy
[Global Warming Debunker] - Track and log the temp every day, find the average, and see whether or not the world is actually getting hotter.
Janken Masters
[Personal Page] - Design your own homepage and then make a way for others to do the same, solely using the UI.
[Best Martial Arts Website] - Design the website that UP would want to use and recommend for all Martial Arts Masters everywhere.

The name of the group of tech websites I create: Tech Colossus

Health Website.  Teach people how to improve their immune systems the right way to defend against the next COVID
  Not sure exactly how, but I will have to do something that can help people to immunize themselves for real.  They don't need 
  a vaccine, in fact they'd be better off without one; what they do need is a strong, healthy immune system that does its job.


Tech Colossus
  Travel Buddy
  True Science
  Janken Masters
  Biosphere
  [Health / Martial Arts / Fitness]
  Ultimate Success Academy

Global Warming Debunker (True name pending...)
  Collects weather data for each day for select city/cities.
  Logs the weather data for each day, including the day's high, low, and average temp.
  Calculates average temperature for the month, the season, and the year.
  Charts and compares the average temperatures in each subsequent year, decade, and century.

  Every year the results will get better and better.  Before long, I will have evidence that what the climate changers have 
  been claiming is demonstrably false.  Or, I will find that they were right all along.  Either way, I win, because I am on the
  side of truth.

True Science
  This could be a super set of the health site and the climate research site.  It could include a couple of other things, too.

  What is true science?
    Science vs. Philosophy vs. Groupthink
    The Scientific Method
    The True Scientist vs. The False Scientist
    True Science (Science) vs. False Science ("The Science")

True History
  If I do True Science and that ends up working out, I can try out doing True History, too.
  Comprehensive History of the World, including Scriptural truths, that put all things into perspective.
  Go Broad and then get technical
    Start with a particular time period, covering what was happening in the world at large, and then zero in to specific 
    accounts focused on certain groups, if we have them.
    Because it's a website instead of a book, it can be updated continuously and arranged in a number of creative ways.

Travel Buddy
  Focus on the conversions first, and then expand from there.
  As this is an app/website, it can be updated continuously, and therefore does not have to be released in its perfect form 
  right from the start.
  My niche clients should still be those who are either living abroad or often travel abroad, as they are the ones who would 
  need to make foreign conversions often enough to find an app like this worth downloading.

  Something else to consider is an app especially for ALTs living in Japan.  
    Additional useful features to consider:
      Delayed notification for those out of the country: will not chime until a set local time for them.
      Japanese Language Learning Resources
      JET Prep Checklist
        Starting as early as before the application process and leading right up to Departure
        Can also extend to while they are there and even have a few things for after they return (if they return)
      Budgeting tips and tools
      English Class Planner
        Helpful Tools and Tips for building a good lesson plan as well as keeping the best ones.

Health / Fitness / Martial Arts 
  
  People are going to have to learn how to keep themselves healthy.  The doctors are not going to be as much help as they used 
  to be, and let's be honest, they were never really that helpful to begin with.  

  The true order of the immune system is to keep a man completely healthy at all times.  A healthy, full-powered immune system,
  operating at peak capacity should 

Games

  The Tanuki, the Tortoise, and the Hare
  Janken Masters


Electoral University

  Seeing that the Electoral College is meant to be a failsafe protecting the right to vote (one that ultimately failed, 
  unfortunately), the Electoral University will be a superior version of that.  It will protect the integrity of the vote in more 
  ways than one, and it will be run at the level of the people.

  True Map
    
    Add accountability and visibility to the official representation of the electoral map by providing one of our own.  Users can 
    register their status anonymously of who they voted for in each election, to be compared to the total number of registered 
    voters, so after an election--and also before--we should be able to see how the country really voted.

    Even if only conservatives and libertarians end up registering, this could still be a win as long as enough of them do so.  
    Besides showing the percentages of the votes per district, county, state, and the country at large, I can also give the raw 
    numbers, which can counter the voter suppression side of things, at least.  It does not prove that the hyper-inflated numbers 
    of the Demonicrat are false, but it would indeed show that the ridiculously repressed numbers of the Republican are false.  If 
    for example you have 120 million registered republicans all indicating that they voted for the true president, but the official 
    records are indicating less than 80 million, that would sound the warning bell for us, at least.  It may not get official action
    but it will at least serve as an indicator for all with eyes to see and ears to hear.

  Eductation

    Defining the Political Spectrum
    History of each Political Party
    History of Past Civil Servants and their Policies in Action

  Alerts

    If you see something, say something.  If you witness voter fraud in the next election, tell your story here.  We will have 
    recorded in a public blockchain network, all of the stories in one place for all to read, for all to know, and for all to 
    remember.

  Action Steps

    A list of peaceful action steps that can be taken in the meantime, while we are waiting to get our country back.  Also a set 
    plan to defend yourself against "Woke Traps" such as the infamous day that is remembered as infamous for all of the wrong 
    reasons.  How to avoid being setup, how to rise above evil, how to let your true self shine through.

  Litmus Tests

    What party most fits you?
    Where on the political spectrum do you lie?
    Should you run for office?  If not, what are some great alternatives?

  More 

    Bias Immunization

      How to recognize Bias
        
        The battle for overcoming bias is already won in the moment you recognize that it is there.
        To overcome bias, first you recognize it, and second you consciously reject it.
      
      How to recognize your own bias, and how best to keep it under control

    Debate vs. Discussion
    Science vs. Anti-Science 

Travel Buddy Revisited

  Let's take a closer look at the original concept of the conversion calculator.
  Let's start with just the regular calculator first, and then expand it from there.

  Calculator 

    Addition
    Subtraction
    Multiplication
    Division
    Exponents
    Roots
    Conversions 

      Fractions
      Decimals
      Percentages

        Calculating Tip (15%, 20%, etc.)
        Calculating Grades
      
      Mean
      Median
      Mode
      Range

      Units 

        Weight
        Height / Length
        Speed
        Area 
        Volume
        Temperature 
        Time Zones
        Currency




























